Before we head to the next lesson,
let's summarize what we have gone over so far.
Safety involves reducing risks to reasonable levels.
We achieve safe systems by identifying hazards that could lead to accidents.
Then we evaluate the risk of each hazard.
Finally, we use systems engineering to lower risks to acceptable levels.
Today's society defines what's an acceptable risk.
Functional safety in the automotive industry
specifically refers to reducing risk in electronic systems.
ISO 26262 is a guideline for achieving automotive functional safety.
It's a standard philosophy model.
In the next lesson,
we would discuss the safety plan which describes what we plan to do to achieve functional